uri	label	narrower	broader
http://id.loc.gov/authorities/subjects/sh2002000569	Semantic Web		
http://id.loc.gov/authorities/subjects/sh89005069	Medical informatics		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/n1071	Sample Broader Concept	Sample Skos Concept	
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/n2735	Phi Beta Kappa		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/n4220	Sample Narrower Concept		Sample Skos Concept
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/n6621	Sample Skos Concept	Sample Narrower Concept	Sample Broader Concept
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/n7841	VIVO		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-0736615959d4e9d9433631bf9b95aca0	Medicine(all)		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-0dc3ba61b8e1a4c9cc115eb9144e493f	Statistics and Probability		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-1426eaafaf90e18093225b1525de2f25	Cellular and Molecular Neuroscience		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-1759825949f358dd02ccc3ea76d3390d	Nursing(all)		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-1c790ea73d3a27a755d36a67d1cfbc35	Pediatrics, Perinatology, and Child Health		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-220485771efd6d31bc191f4bf4f95bd9	Cardiology and Cardiovascular Medicine		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-45808d46d43b0b80bb6e8731ef0d63b8	Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology(all)		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-643f947c36cda744be8d88bdc6145cbc	Public Health, Environmental and Occupational Health		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-6661cf099e2a13d321cd1f2c20545286	Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics(all)		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-7113ad9cbb67f8eb97d88b179c18ca2f	Epidemiology		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-7396f9db6c7cdcc9844369b30d4cb674	Statistics, Probability and Uncertainty		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-740c7970ddeb78346c0ba5ee0a67ac07	Pathology and Forensic Medicine		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-87d6e595f81be15efe8aa39e48bbd94a	Immunology and Allergy		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-a728d1690c719bd4b773d262de7dd1b8	Psychiatry and Mental health		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-b507e57fc1f73a75b8466248f016ea82	Mathematics(all)		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-bf035ab77b10209b5cec697ff0d1599d	Pharmacology		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-c89ec17cae7626c0f28c316950ee28f0	Toxicology		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-cdcf44543af15a06fbfd31e72d9d58e5	Developmental Neuroscience		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-ceb4fd141a731ff6bbb576b0e05b2277	Immunology		
http://vivo.school.edu/individual/sub-e544da5c72d822770eb346fe3894b396	Neuroscience(all)		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#yearMonthDayPrecision	year-month-day value		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#yearMonthDayTimePrecision	year-month-day-time value		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#yearMonthPrecision	yearMonthPrecision		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/core#yearPrecision	year value		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree1	A.B. Bachelor of Arts		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree10	B.Ag. Bachelor of Agriculture		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree100	Sc.D. Doctor of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree101	S.J.D. Doctor of Juridical Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree102	S.J.D. Doctor of the Science of Law		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree103	S.Sc.D. Doctor of Social Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree104	S.T.B. Bachelor of Sacred Theology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree105	S.T.D. Doctor of Sacred Theology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree106	S.T.M. Master of Sacred Theology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree107	Th.B. Bachelor of Theology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree108	Th.D. Doctor of Theology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree109	Th.M. Master of Theology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree11	B.A.M. Bachelor of Applied Mathematics		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree110	B.Sc. Bachelor of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree111	M.Phil. Master of Philosophy 		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree112	D.Phil. Doctor of Philosophy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree113	M.P.H. Master of Public Health		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree114	M.S.P.H. Master of Science in Public Health		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree115	M.L.I.S. Master of Library and Information Science 		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree116	Dip.Ed. Diploma of Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree117	M.Sc. Master of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree118	ADN Associate Degree Nursing		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree119	Psy.D. Doctor of Psychology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree12	B.Arch. Bachelor of Architecture		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree120	B.S.E. Bachelor of Science in Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree121	Sc.B. Bachelor of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree122	M.H.S. Master of Health Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree123	Sc.M. Master of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree124	B.A.S. Bachelor of Applied Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree125	D.M.Sc. Doctor of Medical Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree126	M.M.S. Master of Management Studies		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree127	A.S. Associate of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree128	B.V.S. Bachelor of Veterinary Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree129	M.V.Sc. Master of Veterinary Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree13	B.B.A. Bachelor of Business Administration		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree130	B.S.N. Bachelor of Science in Nursing		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree131	M.Med. Master of Medicine		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree132	A.A. Associate of Arts		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree133	Ed.M Master of Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree134	M.S.E. Master of Science in Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree135	F.R.C.S. Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree136	B.S.F.S. Bachelor of Science in Forensic Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree137	M.I.A. Master of International Affairs		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree138	B.N.S. Bachelor of Science in Nursing		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree139	D.P.M. Doctor of Podiatric Medicine		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree14	B.C.E. Bachelor of Civil Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree140	M.Ch.E. Master of Chemical Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree141	M.B.E. Master of Business Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree142	Pharm.B. Bachelor of Pharmacy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree143	Pharm.M. Master of Pharmacy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree144	V.M.D. Veterinariae Medicinae Doctoris		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree145	Au.D. Doctor of Audiology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree146	D.H.Ed. Doctor of Health Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree147	M.P.A.S. Master in Physician Assistant Studies		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree148	Dr.P.H. Doctor of Public Health		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree149	H.S.C. Higher School Certificate		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree15	B.Ch.E Bachelor of Chemical Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree150	M.M.Sc. Master of Medical Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree16	B.C.L. Bachelor of Canon Law		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree17	B.D. Bachelor of Divinity		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree18	B.E. Bachelor of Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree19	B.E. Bachelor of Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree2	AeEng. Aeronautical Engineer		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree20	B.E.E. Bachelor of Electrical Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree21	B.F. Bachelor of Forestry		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree22	B.F.A. Bachelor of Fine Arts		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree23	B.J. Bachelor of Journalism		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree24	B.L.S. Bachelor of Liberal Studies		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree25	B.L.S. Bachelor of Library Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree26	B.Lit. Bachelor of Literature		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree27	B.M. Bachelor of Medicine		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree28	B.M. Bachelor of Music		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree29	B.M.S. Bachelor of Marine Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree3	A.M.T. Master of Arts in Teaching		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree30	B.N. Bachelor of Nursing		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree31	B.Pharm. Bachelor of Pharmacy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree32	B.R.E. Bachelor of Religious Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree33	B.S. Bachelor of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree34	B.S.Ed. Bachelor of Science in Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree35	C.E. Civil Engineer		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree36	Ch.E. Chemical Engineer		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree37	D.A. Doctor of Arts		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree38	D.A.S. Doctor of Applied Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree39	D.B.A. Doctor of Business Administration		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree4	B.A. Bachelor of Arts		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree40	D.C. Doctor of Chiropractic		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree41	D.D. Doctor of Divinity		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree42	D.D.S. Doctor of Dental Surgery		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree43	D.D.S. Doctor of Dental Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree44	D.Ed. Doctor of Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree45	D.L.S. Doctor of Library Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree46	D.M.D. Doctor of Dental Medicine		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree47	D.O. Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree48	D.M.S. Doctor of Medical Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree49	D.P.A. Doctor of Public Administration		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree5	B.A.E. Bachelor of Arts in Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree50	D.P.H. Doctor of Public Health		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree51	D.R.E. Doctor of Religious Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree52	D.S.W. Doctor of Social Welfare		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree53	D.S.W. Doctor of Social Work		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree54	D.Sc. Doctor of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree55	D.V.M. Doctor of Veterinary Medicine		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree56	Ed.D. Doctor of Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree57	Ed.S. Education Specialist		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree58	E.E. Electrical Engineer		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree59	E.M. Engineer of Mines		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree6	B.A.E. Bachelor of Art Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree60	E.Met. Engineer of Metallurgy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree61	I.E. Industrial Engineer		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree62	I.E. Industrial Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree63	J.D. Doctor of Laws		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree64	J.S.D. Doctor of Juristic Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree65	L.H.D. Doctor of Humane Letters		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree66	Litt.B. Bachelor of Letters		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree67	Litt.M. Master of Letters		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree68	LL.B. Bachelor of Laws		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree69	LL.D. Doctor of Laws		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree7	B.A.E. Aeronautical Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree70	LL.M. Master of Laws		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree71	M.A. Master of Arts		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree72	M.Aero.E. Master of Aeronautical Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree73	M.B.A. Master of Business Administration		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree74	M.C.E. Master of Christian Education 		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree75	M.C.E. Master of Civil Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree76	M.C.S. Master of Computer Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree77	M.D. Doctor of Medicine		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree78	M.Div. Master of Divinity		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree79	M.E. Master of Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree8	B.A.E. Agricultural Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree80	M.Ed. Master of Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree81	M.Eng. Master of Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree82	M.F.A. Master of Fine Arts		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree83	M.H.A. Master of Hospital Administration		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree84	M.L.S. Master of Library Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree85	M.M. Master of Music		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree86	M.M.E. Master of Mechanical Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree87	M.M.E. Master of Music Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree88	M.Mus. Master of Music		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree89	M.N. Master of Nursing		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree9	B.A.E. Architectural Engineering		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree90	M.R.E. Master of Religious Education		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree91	M.S. Master of Science		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree92	M.S.W. Master of Social Work		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree93	M.Th. Master of Theology		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree94	Nuc.E. Nuclear Engineer		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree95	O.D. Doctor of Optometry		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree96	Pharm.D. Doctor of Pharmacy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree97	Ph.B. Bachelor of Philosophy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree98	Ph.D. Doctor of Philosophy		
http://vivoweb.org/ontology/degree/academicDegree99	S.B. Bachelor of Science		
